Update changelog for 4.2.1 release (#886)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: Changelog.md

## 4.2.1 - 2023-09-21

### Added

> -   Bundle Quickstart app with the launcher installer

Reviewer: Suggestion: “Added Quickstart app to easily get going with an nRF9160 or nRF9161 DK.”

I think this makes it easier for our users to understand what the change means for them (and it adds the `.` we have at the end of each entry).

Reviewer: After todays decision “Quickstart” needs to be changed to “Quick Start”.

Author: Applied

> -   Added Quick Start app to easily get going with an nRF9160 or nRF9161 DK

Author: ```suggestion
-   Added Quick Start app to easily get going with the nRF9160 or nRF9161 DK(s)
```
